docs: guide on moving between environments (#5709)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- console: mark inconsistent remote schemas in the UI (close #5093) (#5181)
- cli: add missing global flags for seeds command (#5565)
- docs: add docs page on networking with docker (close #4346) (#4811)

> - docs: add guide on moving between enrivonments (#5709)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- docs: add guide on moving between environments (dev to staging to prod) (#5709)
```
